readme and docs updates (#132)
rancherfederal/hauler: README.md

`Rancher Government Hauler` simplifies the airgap experience without requiring users to adopt a specific workflow. **Hauler** simplifies the airgapping process, by representing assets (images, charts, files, etc...) as content and collections to allow users to easily fetch, store, package, and distribute these assets with declarative manifests or through the command line.

`Hauler` does this by storing contents and collections as OCI Artifacts and allows users to serve contents and collections with an embedded registry and fileserver. Additionally, `Hauler` has the ability to store and inspect various non-image OCI Artifacts. 

For more information, please review the **[Hauler Documentation](https://rancherfederal.github.io/hauler-docs)!**

## Latest Release
* [Hauler v0.3.0](https://github.com/rancherfederal/hauler/releases/tag/v0.3.0)
  * [Download - Source](https://github.com/rancherfederal/hauler/archive/refs/tags/v0.3.0.zip)
  * [Download - Linux AMD64](https://github.com/rancherfederal/hauler/releases/download/v0.3.0/hauler_0.3.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz)

>   * [Download - Linux ARM64](https://github.com/rancherfederal/hauler/releases/download/v0.3.0/hauler_0.3.0_linux_arm64.tar.gz)

Reviewer: I don't think this kind of linkage is appropriate on a readme for anything with even semi-active development. It becomes yet another thing to have to update, and forget to do so, and thereby mislead customers/users.

Author: very fair point, users can easily access the releases page. will remove this section in the readme

## Installation

```bash
curl -#OL https://github.com/rancherfederal/hauler/releases/download/v0.3.0/hauler_0.3.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz
tar -xf hauler_0.3.0_linux_amd64.tar.gz
sudo mv hauler /usr/bin/hauler
```

## Acknowledgements

`Hauler` wouldn't be possible without the open-source community, but there are a few projects that stand out:
* [go-containerregistry](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry)
* [oras cli](https://github.com/oras-project/oras)
* [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign)

## Notices
**WARNING - Upcoming Deprecated Command(s):**

> `hauler download (dl)` and `hauler serve (not the store version)` commands are deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hauler download` (alternatively, `dl`) and `hauler serve` (_not_ `hauler store serve`) commands are deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
```
